imagine this to normal Wednesday
afternoon and you're at home probably
aimlessly scrolling through YouTube when
all of a sudden you get a knock on the
door from two guys asking hi do we throw
a dinner party at your place tonight
you'd probably say [ __ ] off right but
imagine what could happen if you said
yeah this week Jack point was worked
with Casey Neistat on all of his
projects for the past nine years was
staying with us for the first time but
instead of getting to know each other
over a normal dinner at home we thought
it'd be a good idea to throw him right
into a yes Theory experience and get him
to help us throw a dinner party at a
stranger's house and then trial invite
only strangers to that party or
guaranteed to make some new spontaneous
friends through this experience so let's
see where it takes us I went to put this
plan into action we also teamed up with
a friends can be incredible YouTube
channel Colin and Samir but per usual
without much of a plan we'd over itin
tell us I've gathered you here today for
one mission and one mission only we're
gonna throw one hell of a Wednesday
dinner party split it up into three
groups
Jaka tomorrow I gotta find a stranger's
house that we can host this party yet
over here for one night then I have to
do the hardest task and : and it's all
sprite they're gonna figure out the
drinks the food potentially music you
could say Colin Thomas have the easiest
job on this okay all right we're gonna
cook for your people yeah we have to
cook really the directors of
entertainment what Samir and I are gonna
go out and find guess the problem right
now it was we're all dudes so ideally
we'll find girls WPD wdp a dinner party
early 12:45 and we want to have this
party around 7:30 8:00 p.m. yeah we'll
give ourselves until 6 o'clock to all
these hats
maybe one more time what I think we go
confident in this poster it's simple
it's just like party of yours yeah that
face isn't next to it it's not gonna
work yeah yeah works for me
come on we're supposed to go
[Music]
[Applause]
good luck guys
the pitch what do we ask people you want
to come to a party where we don't
actually have the location or know who
else is gonna show up like these girls
for example seems to be from out of town
so you speak Spanish but we are
currently in the midst of throwing a
party to move but we don't know where to
nod and we don't know who's gonna show
up so if you give us your information
nice to meet you hopefully see me about
to do this first ever walk up to a
stranger I got nervous we are we get E
tonight everybody you got sauce dessert
that does not look good we have drinks
for about 3 what is that what is this
okay this is top we go get lunch we
should go get lunch
the most important thing is getting the
house and that's on us yeah but we are
the smartest than the handsomest through
that Omar you want to host me on my
friends for dinner party at your place
tonight host here my best friend for a
dinner party tonight
got you all right plan was to ring
people's doorbells but no one in this
neighborhood has door bells to ring I'm
making a video on finding a stranger I
would say yes to hosting a classy dinner
party and their house today
our goal is to find strangers to come
join us at this party oh well that's
nice but I wish I could but I actually
can't do I that person coming to our
dinner party tonight do you want to come
to our dinner party my first time
planning a WPD a wdp change of plans
we are going to we work like people who
are that we work are entrepreneurs
spontaneous people and those are the
kind of people we want to come to this
dinner party we're gonna hate us yeah
that's good you know the mission is to
find that one stranger who would have
more strangers at their house are you
that smaller a classic third party at
your place tonight we're bringing a
shout now okay no worries it's Ben's day
I don't want the weekend true I might
not have been the right this is like a
serious place my job we don't know the
stranger and we don't know the guess
[Applause]
okay so we're in charge of food now it's
now 4:45 dinner is that seven o'clock
yeah we're bit behind now we got kind of
punished for our laziness during the day
we'll be fine though right yes we have
not won an hour all right well we better
get started
[Music]
hey fit you something
oh I'm sorry wanted to host a classy
dinner party find a stranger that would
host let's see their party tonight all
right so all right so to be on by like
group of best friends have a mission
today to find a stranger who would host
a classy dinner party Oh exactly
so for the past three hours Jack and I
have been going around asking people if
they would be down to host is there time
when you guys want to do it like
relatively early like 6:00
who the hell is gonna say yes after all
these rejections so hey buddy yo how's
it goin good we found a bill place know
in the canals dude get out
yes this is a good okay house in the
canal the literally best-case scenario
is a house in the Venice canal back to
the house it's dope it's like right on
the canals right on cornering awesome
owner how and she texted me like right
away being like I'm so excited like we
just stopped their meeting to like get
ready for the party so out of here
best-case scenario I'm literally in a
stranger's kitchen right now I'm gonna
pull out like knives and stuff peeling
every potato slice and dice and he's my
sous chef should I put bacon inside the
burger yes
[Music]
we went a little crazy on asking only
girls to come to this party it's
literally a six and like 15 girls
usually it's like 80% dudes the vibe is
amazing the mine is great
all the girls are so cool when they're
all getting along that's great yeah
everybody we do not believe in the
concept of a stranger it's only friends
that we haven't met
thank you to any for opening your
[Applause]
[Music]
was the craziest day I've had in Los
Angeles ever and today I learned that
absolutely anything is possible what
made you say yes to this crazy crazy
request the guys are nuts
sounds like why not and what did what
was it like having all these random
people in your house actually loved it
you're amazing so much experiences like
this truly reminds us of how many kind
people exists all around us and how easy
it can sometimes be to connect when you
simply decide to put yourself out there
despite your fear of rejection so
remember if you're looking for some
spontaneous friends all it takes is a
little spontaneity yourself remember to
go take out both Jack and cullinan
Samir's channel they make some
incredible content we think you'll love
see you on Tuesday